A function (in this context) is a separate part of the computer code able to:

    cause some effect (e.g., send text to the terminal, create a file, draw an image, play a sound, etc.); 
    evaluate a value (e.g., the square root of a value or the length of a given text) and return it as the function's result; 


What happens when Python encounters an invocation like this one below?

function_name(argument)

Let's see:

First, Python checks if the name specified is legal (it browses its internal data in order to find an existing function of the name; if this search fails, Python aborts the code)
second, Python checks if the function's requirements for the number of arguments allows you to invoke the function in this way (e.g., if a specific function demands exactly two arguments, any invocation delivering only one argument will be considered erroneous, and will abort the code's execution)
third, Python leaves your code for a moment and jumps into the function you want to invoke; of course, it takes your argument(s) too and passes it/them to the function;
fourth, the function executes its code, causes the desired effect (if any), evaluates the desired result(s) (if any) and finishes its task;
finally, Python returns to your code (to the place just after the invocation) and resumes its execution.

Python requires that there cannot be more than one instruction in a line.
A line can be empty (i.e., it may contain no instruction at all) but it must not contain two, three or more instructions. This is strictly prohibited.
Note: Python makes one exception to this rule ‒ it allows one instruction to spread across more than one line (which may be helpful when your code contains complex constructions).




Summary:

1. The print() function is a built-in function. 
   It prints/outputs a specified message to the screen/console window.

2. Built-in functions, contrary to user-defined functions, are always available and don't have to be imported. 
   Python 3.8 comes with 69 built-in functions. You can find their full list provided in alphabetical order in the Python Standard Library.

3. To call a function (this process is known as function invocation or function call), you need to use the function name followed by parentheses. 
   You can pass arguments into a function by placing them inside the parentheses. 
   You must separate arguments with a comma, e.g., print("Hello,", "world!"). 
   An "empty" print() function outputs an empty line to the screen.

4. Python strings are delimited with quotes, e.g., "I am a string" (double quotes), or 'I am a string, too' (single quotes).

5. Computer programs are collections of instructions. 
   An instruction is a command to perform a specific task when executed, e.g., to print a certain message to the screen.

6. In Python strings the backslash (\) is a special character which announces that the next character has a different meaning, e.g., \n (the newline character) starts a new output line.

7. Positional arguments are the ones whose meaning is dictated by their position, e.g., the second argument is outputted after the first, the third is outputted after the second, etc.

8. Keyword arguments are the ones whose meaning is not dictated by their location, but by a special word (keyword) used to identify them.

9. The end and sep parameters can be used for formatting the output of the print() function. 
   The sep parameter specifies the separator between the outputted arguments, e.g., print("H", "E", "L", "L", "O", sep="-"), 
   whereas the end parameter specifies what to print at the end of the print statement.

